Okay.
FixIncome Maddy speaking.
Hi Maddy, Martin here from Marshall Brokers.
Happy Friday.
Oh, hi Martin.
I just pinged you an ISIN number.
It's regarding a corporate bond you bought about a month ago.
I just got information regarding the company from a good source.
There will be an announcement on Monday which will cause a major sell-off.
Very negative news about the company's current financial status.
When the market opens on Tuesday, it will be a chaos.
So you have a couple of hours today to get rid of the stuff and avoid major loss.
You have to clear the trade with another broker as I can't be involved.
Okay?
Okay.
Well, that's bad news.
Thank you.
I'll sell stuff.
Well, thanks.
I owe you.
Yes, you do.
Bye for now.
Well, buy anything, you know, find me on WhatsApp or Yahoo.
Thank you very much.
I will do that.
Thanks.
Bye.